So you've decided
I haven't decided yet.
Then why are you here?
Let's talk about recent changes
Why are you transferring so much money to me?
The money is not for you
It's for kids.
Before I decide
You take good care of your body first
Take good care of it
Heck, I've clearly thought about it, how can I be soft-hearted?
No, go back to sleep
Forget it, let's talk about it in a few days
Hello
Something happened to Mr. Song's company
The United States said there is a problem with the submitted data.
I'll be right back.
How is it? Still haven't seen you?
Messages sent a few times before
He will also reply that he is busy and has not decided.
I can't even get through to the phone these days
Do you think he doesn't want this child?
Avoid me on purpose